[DOCS-4707] Fix ACL and logrotate guidance for rotating logs (#37711)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/setting-file-permissions-for-rotating-logs.md

getfacl /var/log/test-dir/
```

The permissions set for `dd-agent` appears in the output of getfacl if ACLs are enabled.

{{< img src="logs/faq/setting_file_permission.png" alt="Setting file permission" >}}

### Granting dd-agent read and execute permissions on log directories

After you verify ACLs are enabled, grant read and execute permissions for the `dd-agent` user on the appropriate directories for log collection. A plain `setfacl -m` command applies the ACL only to the directory itself, not to the log files already inside it. Use the `-R` (recursive) flag to also grant access to existing files. For example, to grant access to `/var/log/apache`, run:

```shell
setfacl -R -m u:dd-agent:rx /var/log/apache
```

> To make new log files inherit this access automatically, set a default ACL on the directory with the `-d` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have new log files inherit this access automatically, set a default ACL on the directory with the `-d` flag:
```

```shell
setfacl -R -d -m u:dd-agent:rx /var/log/apache
```

> A default ACL applies to files created in the directory afterward, including those that log rotation creates. This reduces the need for a separate logrotate rule. Files that already exist when you set the default ACL are unaffected, so run both commands above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default ACL only applies to files created in the directory after the default has been set, including those that log rotation creates. This reduces the need for a separate logrotate rule. Files that already exist when you set the default ACL are unaffected, so run both commands above.
```

[Learn more about how to configure ACLs on Linux][3]

### Setting permissions for log file rotation

> If you set a default ACL with the `-d` flag, log files that rotation creates inherit `dd-agent` access automatically, and no further configuration is required. However, a default ACL does not cover every rotation scheme. For example, a configuration that uses `copytruncate` keeps the original file (and its ACL) in place rather than creating a new file.

Reviewer: Would you say "a rotation"?
```suggestion
If you set a default ACL with the `-d` flag, log files created by a rotation inherit `dd-agent` access automatically, and no further configuration is required. However, a default ACL does not cover every rotation scheme. For example, a configuration that uses `copytruncate` keeps the original file (and its ACL) in place rather than creating a new file.
```

Author: Your suggestion makes more sense here, thanks.
